docs(pie-docs): DSW-2211 adding overview of web components (#1589)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/engineers/getting-started/structure.md

---

> ## What library to use?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Which library should I use?
```

Reviewer: (The markdown permalinks to this heading will also need to be updated)

### Latest tech stack and Vanilla JS

{% contentLayout %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Next 14",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
    {% tag {
    label: "React 18",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Nuxt 3",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Vue 3",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Vanilla JS",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
{% endcontentLayout %}

> If you are working with latest stack both in React and Vue ecosystems, we recommend to go straight away with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working with the latest version of React or Vue, we recommend using
```

[PIE Web Components](/engineers/web-components/)

### Next 13 and below 

{% contentLayout %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Next 13",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Next 10",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
{% endcontentLayout %}
 
For Next 13 and below, we recommend using [PIE Web Components](/engineers/web-components/)

> only for client side components. If you need to render components on the server (SSR), [Snacks](https://snacks.takeaway.com/portal/) is the best library for you.

Reviewer: I think it might be simpler and safer to recommend Snacks as the default library for React, but then say that PIE web components can be used for 13+ (CSR) or 14+ (SSR).

Author: I added an extra bit about updating to Next 14 if you would like to use Web Components. I hope with the tags saying `Next 13` and the title of the section also referring to Next 13 folks won't get confused :)

### Vue and Nuxt 2

{% contentLayout %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Vue 2",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
    {% tag {
    label: "Nuxt 2",
    variant: "blue"
    } %}
{% endcontentLayout %}

Our [Fozzie](https://vue.pie.design/) library currently supports older versions of Vue. We recommend updating to the latest Vue ecosystem if possible.

> ### Is your project a greenfield?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Are you working on a greenfield project?
```

We recommend using [PIE Web Components](/engineers/web-components/) as much as you can, if your tech stack is supported. This helps us test our new components and avoids any need for a future migration.

### I can't find the web component I need

> **Do you need it right away?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**I need it right away**
```

> If you need the component right away, please check our legacy systems ([Snacks](https://snacks.takeaway.com/), [Fozzie](https://vue.pie.design/)) in case a similar component exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need the component right away, please check our legacy libraries ([Snacks](https://snacks.takeaway.com/) and [Fozzie](https://vue.pie.design/)) in case a suitable component already exists.
```

We also recommend to check with our team if you can use another existing component for your solution instead.

If you can't wait and can't find the component in our libraries, please implement it yourself in your codebase.

**I can wait for the component to be implemented**

If you have some time before needing the component or are planning ahead, please reach out to us in **#help-designsystem** to check if we can include the component you need.

> In our current process it takes us around a month and a half to two moths to have a new component ready from design to implementation, so please keep this in mind.

Reviewer: This will depend on the complexity of the component so I don't know if documenting this is valuable. I think we should encourage people to get in touch with us for a better estimate.
```suggestion
In our current process it takes us around a month and a half to two months to have a new component ready from design to implementation, so please keep this in mind.
```

> **Can you contribute the component?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**I'd like to contribute to the component library**
```

> If you are able to contribute, we can start an ad-hoc audit and have the designs ready for contribution in 2-4 weeks. We have a process to support you during your time working in our code base and would greatly appreciate your contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are willing and able to contribute to the web component library, we can prioritise an ad-hoc design audit, and have the designs ready for contribution in 2-4 weeks. We have processes in place to support you during your time working in our codebase and would greatly appreciate your contribution.
```

___

> 

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I can't leave a comment in the right place (it's not a current change), but could you change the semicolon to a colon on line 163:

This folder is currently split into two categories; **Components** and **Tools**.
This folder is currently split into two categories: **Components** and **Tools**.

<img width="708" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-12 at 12 38 26" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1cb52895-6001-4b12-82d8-c46af3a0fb68">
